And really that's all that we've wanted to do today is to tell the story again.
The story of the Christ-child.
The story of the one who came to help us all.
Find our way home.
And home is a place of safety and security.
And provision.
And hope.
you know the reality is all of us are wanderers just a little bit and some of us are wandering a lot trying to make sense of life.
Trying to make sense of the journey, trying to find our own ways home.
At times we all feel a little bit lost and sometimes we feel
A whole lot lost.
we sense that daniel
Was on a search for home.
We believe
That he alone,
God was the one
Who could help him find his way home?
And we see Daniel.
exchanging the security of life and
A royal palace.
To join the holy family in a refugee-like journey.
But we heard him say,
I found my home not in a place.
But in a relationship.
With the Christ child.
What we wanted to do today
is to invite you into a journey that makes room for faith.
Makes room for the mysterious.
In life.
For some of us, faith comes easy, and for others,
Not so much.
One philosophical soul wrote that
There ain't no journey that don't change you some.
and the journey toward belief.
Changes us plenty.
But it's a good change.
Sometimes it seems impossible.
To believe that God could come in the form of a baby.
To change the world, but we know it to be true.
i was visiting just the other day with a young family with a.
Little toddler, perhaps.
The age of our baby Jesus, and was he not the star of the show?
Yes.
today.
And this little one is learning to walk and is taking her first steps.
And I watched this mom and dad so thrilled with these infant steps.
But there to catch her.
and she was completely fearless. it was the ultimate trust fall. she would fall forward and backward knowing that her mom or her dad or both of them.
Were there to catch her.
And to keep her safe.
And in many ways, that is the message of Christmas.
That he is here.
He's Emmanuel, that God is with us.
To catch us when we stumble.
To protect us when we fall.
And to help us walk steps of faith.
That give us a profound sense that we are home.
And that all
Is well,
Jesus' journey to Bethlehem.
To become our Emmanuel.
If we, as meek souls, will receive him still.
And in that carol that we love to sing and that we'll sing on Christmas Eve. And if you have no service to join in on, I encourage you to come back and join us. We'll have three services, one at three and one at 430.
And one at 6 o'clock. Yeah.
But we'll most likely sing a holy night. And there's a line in that hymn that utterly thrills my heart and captures the message of today.
That till he appeared,
Then the soul felt its worth.
And when we embrace Jesus, we discover
Are worth.
Why we were made.
And what it means to be home, you might appear to have everything.
Perhaps like Bardia or Haxanen.
But everything with our God has a way of...
Becoming not enough.
Christmas is God's secret invitation to come and find Jesus.
To come and find.
Enough.
Come and find the God who loves us.
That he came to this planet.
To join with us.
In this world that he created.
And to help us find our way home.
In a moment there will be one last song, some spoken word.
There'll be an opportunity for us to express appreciation to the cast, and we will receive an offering, and the offering is a church service for us here at Foothills. And if you're a guest, we don't want you
Want you to feel any sense of obligation? You're welcome to give if you choose, but your presence here today has really been your gift to us and we're very grateful for that.
And if I could indulge myself just a little bit,
Us all, perhaps,
As I said earlier, these things don't just happen.
It's a remarkable amount of work and effort and commitment and passion and prayer that makes something like this take place.
And I just want to take my
This opportunity for myself to say thank you as well. I'll say thank you in a moment.
but to adam.
Who's who's
last summer while we were in beaches and vacations and enjoying quiet time adam was thinking of christmas and riding away fervently.
So Mark and Rebecca, who took a brilliant script,
and somehow made it come alive even more to the actors, to the people behind the scenes. they'll point up to the booth and and the sound, the music that was written, the.
The effects, the lighting, all the people that are behind moving pieces, the kids that manage not to fall out of the thing as they look at it.
than elevated the cloth to the
So many.
Who gave so much?
To make this possible.
One of the cast members, mother, is deathly ill.
And the thought is she won't make it through the weekend.
And yet she has served with faith and grace and hope and peace, and somehow found comfort in the message.
That is the commitment of those who have served us this weekend.
and in a few moments.
I hope that we will profoundly express gratitude, not just for a fantastic theater production,
But for a message.
That leads us home.
And gives us peace. So let me pray. The ushers will come.
We'll have the last song. If you know the words, join in. Thank you.
as we celebrate the gift of God. You are good and kind, Father. You have blessed us abundantly. It has been good to be here. And thank you that in the craziness of a Canadian December,
you've brought us peace, hope, perspective to help us understand not just the wonder of the gift but the purpose of the gift to lead us home.
We say thank you.
We make room for the Christ child, not just in our Christmas.
But in our lives.
We choose to bow down.
And worship.
And trust.
And follow.
Thank you for being so good and kind.
And faithful.
We bless you.
In Jesus.
The priest,
The king.
The Savior's name.
I pray.